Document scan_interval support for RESTful switch (#31330)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switch.rest.markdown

  required: false
  type: boolean
  default: true
scan_interval:

>   description: Define the refrequency to call the REST endpoint to get the current state in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Define the frequency for calling the REST endpoint to get the current state in seconds.
```
